Azure kv ssh passphrase support (#171)
jenkinsci/azure-keyvault-plugin: README.md

}
```

> #### SSH Username with private key and passphrase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### SSH Username with private key and passphrase
```

> Some SSH private keys will require a passphrase to function as a credential.  Using the previous examples, it would make sense to provide a tag option for including the passphrase.  However, you should obviously never directly set the passphrase as a tag in the Azure Key Vault.  To resolve this issue, first create a passphrase secret within your Azure Key Vault (This can be a generic secret, no tags are necessary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SSH private keys has a passphrase you need to add a tag `passphrase-id` which references the secret that the passphrase is stored in.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Create the passphrase secret:

```bash
```

az keyvault secret set \
  --vault-name my-vault \
  --name test-ssh-passphrase \
  --value my-ssh-passphrase
```

> With the secret now in your vault, when creating a secret of type `sshUserPrivateKey`, specify the passphrase using a tag `passphrase-id` set with the **name** of the passphrase secret you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the SSH key with the passphrase tag:
```

```bash
az keyvault secret set --tags type=sshUserPrivateKey username=my-username passphrase-id=test-ssh-passphrase \
  --vault-name my-vault \
  --name test-ssh \
  -f ~/.ssh/my-ssh-key
```

> Creating the sshUserPrivateKey will query the AKV once again for the passphrase value.  If the passphrase could not be found in the vault, the passphrase value will be defaulted to Null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the passphrase can not be found in the vault, the secret will not load and a warning will be logged.
```

#### Secret Labels

> The Azure Key Vault Plugin provides the ability to filter which secrets are set via the Azure Key Vault Credentials Provider Plugin.  By default, the plugin will load all secrets stored within the Key Vault.  However, your Key Vault may be the Secret Source for multiple applications, or contains system information for your deployment environment not needed directly by Jenkins.  To filter out secrets from being set, add a System Property or Environment Variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter which secrets are visible to the credentials provider.
By default, the plugin will load all secrets stored within the Key Vault.
However, your Key Vault may be the Secret Source for multiple applications, or contains system information for your deployment environment not needed directly by Jenkins. 
To filter out secrets from being set, add a System Property or Environment Variable:
```

**Via System Property**:

```bash

> -Djenkins.azure-keyvault.label_selector=myCustomLabel

Reviewer: I'm a bit unsure about this but given azure-keyvault is - separated should we be consistent here?
```suggestion
-Djenkins.azure-keyvault.label-selector=myCustomLabel
```
